Solution 
{"answer": "### Bio of Zygfryd:\nZygfryd's program won a technology award and he enjoys playing the ukulele at night. He is interested in growing houseplants, including a rare orchid. He also excels in logic puzzles and board games like 'Terra Mystica'. Zygfryd has trekked mountains and documented this on Instagram, and relishes watching 'Matrix' annually and engaging in amateur stand-up comedy. His preference for the color blue aids in his coding tasks, and he runs culinary workshops while enjoying pineapple pizza. He transitioned from violin to computers, supports his favorite football team, and has a watch collection. Zygfryd studies Spanish and was one of the first Polish programmers to utilize the Vue.js framework. He founded a local coding club, and for his wedding chose a classic tango, prefers green tea, and holds multiple programming certifications. Additional hobbies include playing in a band, collecting science fiction books, cycling, and practicing martial arts. The best gifts for him are tech gadgets, and he indulges in building model spacecrafts and tracking the International Space Station. He runs a tech blog, leads an annual barbecue festival, and values his annual digital detox trips. Despite significant coding achievements, he remains humble and committed, exploring virtual reality in education and promoting ethical AI. He also engages in community activities, runs coding workshops for kids, and enjoys magic tricks.\n\n### Bio of Stefan:\nStefan hosts a weekly hot dog contest and dreams of owning a gym. He works at Żabka and post-work walks to the gym. He has a tattoo symbolizing his childhood dog and supports local animal shelters through his sales. Stefan advises customers on sauces and was a top employee at Żabka. He started loving hot dogs in school, invents new sauces, aspires to join national weightlifting contests, and is a local hero for saving a cat. Known as 'Hot Dog King', he enjoys documentaries about bodybuilders and aspires to create a seafood hot dog. Stefan trains workers, experiments with hot dog recipes, writes about gourmet hot dogs, and engages in local hot dog-related events. He offers training tips at the gym, competes in seller contests, and dreams of visiting the U.S. to explore hot dog recipes. He leverages social media for career growth.\n\n### Bio of Ania:\nDuring her law studies, Ania organized a copyright law conference and manages a YouTube beauty channel. She interns at a law firm and excels at Porsche Club racing. Ania actively competes in fitness contests, loves fashion, and is fond of cooking. She joined her university's criminal law society to enhance her skills and is inspired by Jennifer Lopez for fitness. Ania enjoys ski slopes, organizes self-defense workshops, and volunteers at a women's rights center. She enjoys spa trips, surprises herself with beauty boxes, and is fluent in French. Ania relaxes with legal dramas and expanded her law interest to the cosmetic industry. She is recognized for her contributions to student exchanges and always brings elegance to her lectures with a leather notebook. Ania collects limited edition perfumes, enjoys composing music, and bridges law and social media through her projects. She tutors in constitutional law and enjoys chess."}
Success: {
  "code": 0,
  "msg": "OK",
  "note": "CORRECT",
  "questions": "\n1. Jaka jest ulubiona gra Zygfryda?\n2. W jakim sklepie pracuje Stefan?\n3. Jaki jest ulubiony film Zygfryda?\n4. Jaki taniec weselny wybrał Zygfryd na swoim weselu?\n5. Co studiuje Ania?\n6. Jak nazywa się inspiracja fitness Ani? \n",
  "answers": "1. Ulubioną grą Zygfryda jest 'Terra Mystica'.\n2. Stefan pracuje w sklepie Żabka.\n3. Ulubionym filmem Zygfryda jest 'Matrix'.\n4. Zygfryd wybrał klasyczne tango jako taniec weselny.\n5. Ania studiuje prawo.\n6. Inspiracją fitness Ani jest Jennifer Lopez."
}